Lendly Login

https://lendlycomlogin.blogspot.com/2022/10/lendly-login-instant-payday-loans.html

Skimming off the top: Pulling money out of a cash drawer and putting it in their pocket. This is the easiest type of theft to catch. This is a result of weak internal controls by the company. For example, telling your employee how much money they should have, gives them something to work with. With this in mind, balancing the cash on a *daily basis* is the best way to prevent skimming from the top.
Gaming the system: Using non-cash transactions, like discounts, non-cash payments like ACH or Deposits or writing off an account, as a substitute for a cash payment. This is an easy method for catching people because it should be obvious in the reports. Again, theft via this method can usually be attributed to someone not doing their job and looking through reports. Some software systems do not allow discount transactions and force the store personnel to call a higher level user to perform the discount. Since most payday loan software systems id and time stamp each transaction, this is a risky method for the thief to use. Which payday loan software does the best job is debatable.
Identity theft: Making fake loans. Imagine the scenario, your store is performing great and numbers are up across the board. This is a red flag that most owners want to ignore. Fake loans are probably the most costly and common fraud because there is no limit to how much an employee can steal before they're caught. It can also be difficult to prove sometimes. Fake loans are typically discovered via an audit or when the file gets handed over to a collections person who speaks to a confused person claiming to never have taken a loan. Sometimes, there are multiple employees involved, which makes it even more difficult to detect. This scenario is most prevalent where there are not enough checks and balances in the system. For example, if the employee making the loans are also collecting on loans that go bad, it's almost impossible to catch this person.

https://lendlycomlogin.blogspot.com/2022/10/lendly-login-instant-payday-loans.html
